Documents about helpers proxy (#320)
github/view_component: README.md

</li>
```

> ### Helpers proxy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using helpers
```

> Helper module methods from component through the `helpers` proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Helper module methods can be used through the `helpers` proxy.
```

> You can call your original helper module methods from component through `helpers` proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Helper module methods from component through the `helpers` proxy.
```

```ruby
module IconHelper
  def icon(name)
    tag.i data: { feather: name.to_s.dasherize }
  end
end

class UserComponent < ViewComponent::Base
  def profile_icon
    helpers.icon :user
  end
end
```

> You can use this with `delegate`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `helpers.` proxy can be used with `delegate`:
```

```ruby
class UserComponent < ViewComponent::Base
  delegate :icon, to: :helpers

  def profile_icon
    icon :user
  end
end
```

> Or by including the helper explicitly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Helpers can also be used by including the helper explicitly:
```

> And you can also call it without `helpers` proxy, with include the helper explicitly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or by including the helper explicitly:
```
